fix(css): update color-scheme and prefers-color-scheme documents (#35759)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/css/color-scheme/index.md

{{CSSRef}}

> The **`color-scheme`** [CSS](/en-US/docs/Web/CSS) property allows an element to indicate which color schemes it can comfortably be rendered in. User agents change the following aspects of the browser-controlled UI to match the used color scheme:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The **`color-scheme`** [CSS](/en-US/docs/Web/CSS) property allows an element to indicate which color schemes it can comfortably be rendered in. User agents change the following aspects of the UI chrome to match the used color scheme:
```

> - the color of the canvas surface

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The color of the canvas surface.
```

(Capitalize the other list items too, and add a period.)

Author: done

> - the color of the canvas surface
> - the default colors of scrollbars and other interaction UI
> - the default colors of form controls
> - the default colors of other browser-provided UI, such as "spellcheck" underlines

Author: ```suggestion
- The color of the canvas surface.
- The default colors of scrollbars and other interaction UI.
- The default colors of form controls.
- The default colors of other browser-provided UI, such as "spellcheck" underlines.
```

> Component authors must use [`prefers-color-scheme`](/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/@media/prefers-color-scheme) media query to support the color schemes on reset of the elements.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Component authors must use the [`prefers-color-scheme`](/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/@media/prefers-color-scheme) media feature to support the color schemes on reset of the elements.
```

Also, what do you mean by "on reset of the elements"? I'm not sure what it means, although I do have some good guesses. You might want to expand on this a bit to make it clearer.

Author: ```suggestion
Component authors must use the [`prefers-color-scheme`](/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/@media/prefers-color-scheme) media feature to support the color schemes on the rest of the elements.
```

### Values

- `normal`

>   - : If [page's supported color schems](/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Element/meta/name#color-scheme) are set then the value indicates that the element supports the page's color schemes. If the page's color scheme is not set, the element does not support any color scheme.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - : Indicates that the element can be rendered using the page's [color scheme](/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Element/meta/name#color-scheme) settings. If the page does not have a color scheme set, the element is rendered using the page's default color settings.
```
